the forehead Botox the forehead Botox
exercises several muscle groups namely
the epic rainiest the frontalis and the
Galia upon erotika simultaneously as a
result this exercise helps diminish the
appearance of frown lines between your
eyebrows evens out any fine lines on
your forehead and raises your eyebrows
further regularly performing this
exercise tones away the hooded effect on
your upper eyelids that's caused by age
lack of exercise and the effect of
gravity place your index fingers just
above your eyebrows so that they are
parallel to the top of your eyebrows
pressing lightly pull your fingers down
towards your eyebrows push your eyebrows
up against the force of your index
fingers repeat this step 10 times on the
last count hold your eyebrows up and
then push them even higher push and
release your eyebrows very rapidly to
feel a burn in the muscles around your
eyebrows repeat the step 20 times and
then release
massage the center of your eyebrows and
small circular motions now we will
demonstrate the exercise in real time
please follow along place your index
fingers just above your eyebrows so that
they are parallel to the top of your
eyebrows pressing lightly pull your
fingers down towards your eyebrows push
your eyebrows up against the force of
your index fingers repeat this step 10 x
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 on the last count
hold your eyebrows up and then push them
even higher push and release your
eyebrows very rapidly to feel a burn and
the muscles around your eyebrows repeat
the step 20 times and then release 20 19
18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3
2 & 1 massage the center of your
eyebrows and small circular motions